"auto chess" use case scenario:
There are 8 players in the match.
Every player starts the game with 100 HP.
There are two modes : preparation and gameplay (both have certain time limit).
During preparation, player can buy heroes from community pool.
In the community pool, there are 5 random heroes available to purchase.
Player could re-roll the heroes available to purchase by using gold.
The heroes bought could be sold again later with the same price.
At the start of the game, player get initial amount of gold.
During gameplay, player can place heroes from bench to the board and remove heroes from board to the bench.
After getting placed on the board, heroes would start attacking other players' heroes.
Player could place max 10 heroes on the board, based on level.
During the first 3 rounds, there are bot that fight the heroes.
Heroes could have 5 different categories, 13 different races and 10 different classes.
Heroes have different stats (HP, Armor, Magic Reistance, Damage to Chess Player, ATK, ATK Speed).
Heroes whose HP is zero would disappear off-screen.
Some heroes have gain bonus stat depends on other heroes existed (same class or same race) on the board.
During playgame, player could collect items from the board.
Items could be stored in backpack, combined with other items, or equipped to hero.
If player has three same heroes with the same star level, the player could level up the hero.
Players who don't have any hero left on the board would get damage from heroes remaining on the board (-2/hero).
There are maximum of 30 rounds every game.
After every round, player gain certain amount of gold and experience.
The amount of gold the player gain depends on how much gold the player has.
The amount of experience the player gain depends on the player's winstreak.
Player would level up after getting enough experience. Player could buy experience with gold.
After a round is finished, the heroes who died would be respawn on the board with full HP, mana.
Player whose HP reach zero is losing the game.
Player could give up during the game in round 15.
Every game has one winner, which is the last standing player.

